you leave me alone for weeks I have no
idea where you are what you're doing
I've been training I have a title fight
this weekend that's what I've been
trying to tell you but you've been too
busy tell me you leaving me there's
something else here now you are you
seeing someone else your boss
white and gray
mouth but what I'm doing here we saying
yes yes ok cool ok ok every night in my
dreams I see you I
yeah I'll give you that but I'm not
having sex with you tonight and that's
that why would I want to have sex with
you I mean you're not equipped like a
walrus did you see that thing and look
like a baseball bat
what did you say go ahead good give it
your best shot Toby oh so hot come to
mama